# Coverage

Coverage is collected by the Python unit and integration tests. The coverage data is initially stored in the top level file `.coverage`. From the coverage data file, reports are created; an html report for human consumption, and an lcov data file for usage by coverage services like codecov.

## Configuration

Coverage requires only a single configuration file, `test/coveragerc`. We use the configuration to specify files we do not want covered. Typically this includes files the project has no control over and/or or generated by `kb_sdk`.

## Reporting


After tests run, two reports are created from this raw data. First, for human consumption,`htmlcov` contains a numan readable and browsable report of all coverage. This report is very useful for determining which code has not been covered by tests, and making subsequent efforts to extend tests to cover such code.

The second report is actually an alternative form of coverage data. It contains the coverage data in "lcov" format, a common Linux coverage format which is broadly supported (unlike the Python .coverage file format). We specifically use this file to provide to the [CodeCov service](https://about.codecov.io). 


## CodeCov

We use the free "CodeCov" service to provide access to coverage reports generated at GitHub by the GitHub Action Workflow which builds and tests the sample service upon certain triggers, like updates to feature- or fix- branches, pull requests, and releases.

The top level `README.md` file contains a CodeCov "badge" indicating the current coverage percentage for the master branch.

For analysis of coverage in the develop or any other branch, 